[Music]
Hello friends of the channel
today I'm here to talk to you about the alleged
insinuation of the possible hiring
of Olga Moreno on Ya Es Media Fresh and the thing is that
people were writing to me very
upset you know that you can
send me news or things that you want
that I commented on my Instagram account
Javi Oliveira and people were very
outraged because it seems that at the end
of her program at noon
certain insinuations were made that could
give to understand that Olga Moreno would be the
future collaborator on the fresh I
had to watch the program okay and yes it
is true that at the end of this same one
between laughter and knowing glances they talk
about Olga's future of what they think
will be Olga's future on television
or as influencers that she has acquired
a lot of charisma not that people
like her very much and joke about the possibility that Ya
Es Medio in fact some
collaborators understand it just as
I understood it and just as he have
understood the people who have
contacted me is  pissed off because there are a
lot of people who seem to be
upset about this in the sense of being
Olga Moreno followers, no, they wouldn't mind
if she didn't work on
Telecinco. Well, let's see, I'll say one thing, I've
said it on other occasions also
with Antonio David, people have to
work and people have to work and
this type of content isn't available on
many television channels. I keep
saying that in the end
Antonio David will end up working on
something on Telecinco, the day he returns to
working on television, knowing how to train
and he's not going to work on
Spanish television or on Antena 3 presenting
Pasapalabra and the type of content that you
handle, whether you like it or not, today I
hope things change. As far as I know, they only
happen on Telecinco and I think something
in Castilla-La Mancha. Because Marina
in La Mancha is working on a gossip show.
In fact, they talked about the
interview that Antonio David did with him
at the time. I don't remember the
name of the show right now, put it in the
comments box. I think it was something like this. How are
we here? We are all, something like that.
Okay, forgive me for not remembering but
I'm speaking from memory but there would
be nothing wrong with it absolutely nothing
wrong if Olga decided to sign for
Telecinco as a
regular collaborator on a program in
fact it would be beneficial for her
we are talking about another production company already
at midday from the only production company it
is the same production company as Ana Rosa' for
example before Davis she could work
for Ana Rosa' which hopefully for me to
maintain vitality with
social work and so on but that would not rule out
Olga Moreno having to accept and take
advantage of the opportunities that she is
sentenced to be very careful with this I
am not confirming anything because I have not
asked the
family I do not like to bother and even less at these times when they have just come out of a competition and they will be very busy and catching up no but the insinuations on the part of Sonsoles and the giggles between collaborators and so on exist if they existed in yesterday's program here is the end of the
program and for me I hope there are many people
who say no she should not work on
Telecinco but yes on the contrary it
would be a joy if she got more
work more opportunities and more success
this would be a headache
for  alba carrillo let's see how
alba carrillo would continue defending her position and let's
see if she would continue saying the same
nonsense because until yesterday I
was still hearing the same nonsense
that she always says, I don't sing to her, nobody is
always out there stealing and making
money and talking about her ex and that the
real alba carrillo is what
you have done for many years okay you have been on
a lot of magazine covers to
talk about all your exes, all of them okay and
I could start compiling things that
you have said on television more exclusive
every two interviews each talking about
your ex-partners okay so please let's
be a little consistent with what we
say and with what we criticize okay
I know that she is your friend Rocío Carrasco
but that
is making you look terrible I send you a huge hug Mr. Heria I will be reading your comments tell me what you think about the subject leave me a like if you would like Olga Moreno to work at the French and leave me a dislike I would like to see you in the next video
[Music]